# hackintosh
# *** A GUIDE TO A VANILLA-STYLE HACKINTOSH FROM SCRATCH ***
My Vanilla style Hackintosh Editing Beast. i7-8700k Overclocked to 4.9 GHz, Gigabyte Z370 Gaming 5, VEGA 64 Frontier Edition.

This guide was something I put together as I was trying to build a fully functional hackintosh for 4k Video editing. I am a primary Final Cut Pro X user, and my 2013-late Macbook Pro was beginning to show its age with rendering, timeline scrubbing so I thought it was time to upgrade to an iMac Pro until I was horrified when I found the prices I would be forced to pay.
So I thought I would go the hackintosh route. I used the famous vanilla hackintosh subreddit here to get my feet wet and over the course of two weeks read pretty much every article I could find on the subject. After a lot of searching I managed to have a good understanding of how hackintoshes (and MacOS) works with the hardware and started writing things down. After a lot of time (close to a month of tinkering) I managed to complete this project with a *fully functional* hackintosh that cuts through 4K footage like butter. 

This information did not come out of thin air. I am very grateful to the wonderful folks in this subreddit as well as the good contributors at  [TonyMacx86.com](https://tonymacx86.com/) , and the forum users at  [InsanelyMac.com](https://insanelymac.com/)  all of whom were tremendously helpful. At the end of it all, I wanted to publish my guide, both as a template of how to build a hackintosh and also so that it provides an all-in-one education to anyone who wants to learn the vanilla method. Unfortunately, when I posted this guide on  [Tonymacx86.com](https://tonymacx86.com/)  I was greeted with a ban from that forum, because I apparently linked articles here and at other competing forums and talked about the Vanilla method, which is apparently a no-go over there. 

*DISCLAIMER :*I will begin by saying that while I wrote this piece from start to scratch, there are segments that I directly copied (for my convenience) off other people’s work and annotated with my own thoughts. This is by no means exhaustive. However, I have credited and linked every one of those posts when I have done so. I only provide this as a public service and if this offends anyone, all I ask is that the moderators remove it.
